feat: improve JS lang docs (#146)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: component-model/examples/tutorial/jco/string-reverse/README.md

# Simple WebAssembly `reverser` in JavaScript

> This folder contains a simple Javascript project can build into a WebAssembly binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains a simple Javascript project that can be built into a WebAssembly binary.
```
